0.23.12 Changelog (#298)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/09_resources/01_release-notes.md

### Platform Support for Disabling Alertmanager Clustering

In private networks, you might want to disable Alertmanager clustering to avoid failures due to a gossip protocol. To do so, you can now configure `alertmanager.disableClustering` in your `config.yaml` file and push the change to your platform as described in [Apply a Config Change](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

### Minor improvements

- Added full support for the [Network Load Balancer (NLB)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html). NLB is now the default for Astronomer environments on Amazon EKS. Previously, the default was the Classic Load Balancer.
- Refactored and improved security for platform images hosted on quay.io.

> - Removed E2E testing from some images to improve security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes an `e2eTest` image that is no longer maintained from Astronomer's `default.yaml` file.
```

I think this wording is more accurate given what I see here: https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1033

### Bug fixes

- Addressed CVEs found in the following platform images:
    - `ap-curator`
    - `ap-db-bootstrapper`
    - `ap-elasticsearch`
    - `ap-fluentd`
    - `ap-grafana`
    - `ap-kibana`
    - `ap-nats-server`
    - `ap-nginx`
    - `ap-nginx-es`
    - `ap-postgres-exporter`
    - `ap-registry`

>     - `ap-vendor/fluentd`

Reviewer: This list feels a lil long - maybe list these images horizonatally? I.e.:

> - Addressed CVEs found in the following platform images: `ap-curator`, `ap-db-bootstrapper`, `ap-fluentd`...

- When two or more Fluentd parameters are set in Astronomer's `config.yaml` file, the resulting Fluentd configmap values are now properly concatenated. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1031))
- The value for an Environment Variable that exists with the same name in 2+ Airflow Deployments now renders correctly when navigating between those Deployments in the Astronomer UI.

> - Airflow task logs are no longer missing in the Airflow UI on IKS + 0.23.9. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1023))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Airflow task logs are no longer missing in the Airflow UI for IKS environments running Astronomer v0.23.9. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1023))
```

- Setting `AIRFLOW__KUBERNETES__FS_GROUP:50000` in the Astronomer UI now properly forces the `fsGroup` setting in the pod template file. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/190))

> - Nginx ingress scraping for Prometheus now scrapes and report metrics for all pods at once, as opposed to one pod at a time. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1010))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nginx ingress scraping for Prometheus now scrapes and reports metrics for all `nginx` replicas in aggregate, as opposed to one pod at a time. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1010))
```

## v0.23.12

Release Date: March 30, 2021

### Platform Support for Ingress Annotations

In Astronomer Enterprise 0.23, you can now configure the behavior of Ingress resources by specifying [annotations](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations/) in your `config.yaml` file. To do so, add annotations to the `ingressAnnotations` dictionary in your `config.yaml` file. Then, push the changes to your platform as described in [Apply a Config Change](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

### Platform Support for Disabling Alertmanager Clustering

In private networks, you might want to disable Alertmanager clustering to avoid failures due to a gossip protocol. To do so, you can now configure `alertmanager.disableClustering` in your `config.yaml` file and push the change to your platform as described in [Apply a Config Change](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

### Support for Airflow 2.0.1

> [Airflow 2.0.1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.0.1) brings key fixes and performance improvements to some of the new features that arrived with [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Airflow 2.0.1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.0.1) brings key fixes and performance improvements to some of the new features that arrived with [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/introducing-airflow-2-0).
```

Ugh we don't have an "Upgrade to Airflow 2.0" doc on Enteprise 😞
